everyone this is Travis cafard at the NA
LCS files with covers presented by
mobile Linux I'm here right now at the
Acer booth with box box box box what
brings you here
I'm here with Acer the microphone oh I'm
here with a sip at their predator booth
I'm also here just to watch the games
I'm really excited to see it I don't
really care who wins to be honest I just
want five games five games between she
has some time she you don't care at all
no I have no preference do you have do
you have a player that you like to see
on either of the teams I've been a huge
Hannibal Beltre all my life ever since I
started playing weak but I also love
both teams and both of their CEOs are
great CEOs I like how business oriented
you are uh what is what is Boston and
like for you so far this event so far
it's been great I've been pretty busy at
the booth doing a lot of fan stuff I
also just finished doing a stream on the
set up over to my right but everything
went really smooth it's exhausting but
really fun exhausting but really fine I
want to ask you about that because I've
been kind of talking to everybody at
this events about what keeps them going
Japanese secrets for what allows you to
play for so long and to play so well
part of it is the their urge to like
compete I don't have as much of that
competitive fire in me as the pro
players but I do have a good amount of
it and also I have a really big urge to
impress I get like kills whenever I do
something knowing that a bunch people
can see it and they go like oh it feels
great very very good it's that audience
that drives you well the the cheers have
already started for TSM in the audience
so do you you said you want five games
you don't have a preference you have an
idea a guess on who's gonna win
my guess is TSM any reason why I think
they've just been a lot more solid
overall it's fair that's fair any
interesting and unique experiences in
Boston if you had a chance to see any of
Boston even going out to Nika dent
dinners any good meals ooh I know what I
was really excited there for a second I
thought you had something and then and
then there we go well anyway so are you
sad all that you're missing out on pax I
am I was pretty excited to go to pax as
well although I think this opportunity
was a bit better
stuff that they're both on the same
weekends any anything exciting going on
in your life otherwise box box outside
of this trip to Boston anything
interesting happening huh same same old
same old it's pretty boring we expect
any more cosplay streams coming up I was
thinking of doing a star Guardian Soraka
cosplay that would be sick you got to do
that I have someone working on it but
she's pretty petite and I have to see if
I can fit in I have to lose some weight
there we go so if you lose some weight
that'll be good is there anything that
you want to say to any of your fans box
box oh oh gosh uh right there they're
waiting for you no pressure thank you so
much for watching all of my content it
it's generic but it really doesn't mean
a lot to me it I randomly feel emotional
just like seeing random supportive
comments from you guys even though a lot
of like the messages in my twitch my
Facebook Twitter inboxes they even
though most of them I can't get to
occasionally I'll just read them and
like not cry but like tear up on the
inside all of its myself it they're so
sweet you guys are so sweet
very nice well thank you so much box box
for the interview really appreciate it
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things LCS finals
here on my youtube channel if you
enjoyed that interview please check out
Mobile Enix they are my sponsor for this
event and I couldn't have done it
without them their link is down in the
description they are all about making
you better at League of Legends so if
that sounds interesting to you please
check them out